{{{#!comment
This wiki page is auto-generated from the file
projects/MouseLesion/Summary.wiki
edit that file, don't edit this page on trac!
}}}

=  =

Welcome to the Chaste wiki.

This section contains pages generated automatically from the source code accompanying Capel et al. (2014).

Before running these examples you will need to [wiki:InstallGuides/InstallGuide install Chaste's dependencies] and the [http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/chaste/download.html source code for version 3.3].
The easiest way to do this is using an Ubuntu machine (or an Ubuntu virtual machine) as discussed on InstallGuides/UbuntuPackage.
Note that cardiac Chaste is not supported on Windows, so users of Windows will need to follow the virtual machine route.
For manual installation of each dependency, on any version of Linux, see DeveloperInstallGuide.

The simulations featured in the paper supplement are explained and annotated below.
For further information on using Chaste to solve these and related problems, see our [wiki:ChasteGuides extensive guide material].

== Mouse Lesion study ==

The steps required to reproduce the study are:
 1. Run a simulation of a 2D lesion, with varying command line parameters ([wiki:./Fibroblasts C++ file for performing simulation])
 1. Run a simulation of a 3D lesion, with varying command line parameters ([wiki:./Fibroblasts3d C++ file for performing simulation])
  
== Sample commands to install and run everything ==

If you wish to install Chaste direct from our repository, you may do so from the command line as follows:
{{{
#!sh
svn checkout https://chaste.cs.ox.ac.uk/svn/chaste/trunk Chaste
cd <path to Chaste source>/projects
}}}
(replacing "`<path to Chaste source>`" with the filepath to where you have installed Chaste. 
Now unzip the downloaded `MouseLesion.tar.gz` into this folder.

To run the simulations, use:
{{{
#!sh
cd <path to Chaste source>
scons chaste_libs=1 brief=1 build=GccOptNative projects/MouseLesion
}}}
